
You get plenty of canned food, bottled water and toilet paper
in case society falls apart and all the grocery stores close.
You also get some boards to secure your windows,
although you know they will be no match for advanced alien technology.
It gives you some peace of mind when you sleep at night, at least. Spaceships start landing
all over the earth. You hear about people getting taken and experimented on.
More and more spaceships arrive every day.


A. Escape while you still can!
B. Stay at home and hope for the best.


You've got to get out of here. You could go
to the mountains, where it would be easiest to hide from the aliens.
Or, you could go south, where you have no idea
what conditions are like, but you haven't heard of a lot of alien violence there.


A. To the mountains
B. To the south


As you drive into the mountains, the land becomes more populated.
Since society is falling apart due to the invasion,
the roads have not really been maintained. They become worse and worse.
Eventually you are as deep as you can go by car.
You get out and start walking until you come to a cliff


A. Climb it
B. Go around it


You fall. And die.


You hop in your car and head for the southern border.
However, when you arrive it seems the entire country has been taken over by aliens.
Everybody is walking around in groups, chained together,
and doing slave work. Meanwhile the aliens sit on thrones
and boss the humans around.
Before you can do anything, you are also taken as a slave,
and that is how you spend the rest of your life.


You go around the cliff. For a few days you wander,
following a creek for water and eating wild berries.
In the morning you see strangers in the distance.


A. Approach them
B. Go the other way


When you approach them, they ask if you are also on the run from aliens.
You say you are, and they suggest that you join them.


A. Yes
B. No


You join the group of travellers and you wander for years trying to keep yourselves safe from aliens.
One day you see some strangers walking in the mountains, and they approach you.
They are people going around to find all the refugees (like you)
to tell you that the aliens are gone! Apparently,
some random man set up a tea-trade with their planet,
and the aliens agreed to leave as long as we gave them tea.
You go home and marry one of the travellers from your group and live happily ever after.


You decide to go it alone. Night falls,
and it is a bit spooky being in the wilderness alone…
You live there, foraging for food and trying not to get eaten by mountain lions
and aliens and bears, for a couple of years.
One day you are walking and see an alien on the hillside above you!
The alien sees you...ZAP...That's the last of you.


You decide to just sit at home. After a day or two, you look outside and
see two alien children walking down the street, with laser guns!
They are playing a game to see who can destroy the most houses.


A. Yell at them.
B. Give them cherries.
C. Forget this, I am otta here!


You go outside and yell at them. Your yelling makes the alien children angry.
Do you really want to alien children with guns to be mad at you?
I think not. Too late, though.



You offer them some cherries. They look at you and grab the cherries.
After a few bites they spit them out and point their guns at you.
Guess they dont like cherries


A. Offer them tea
B. Offer them coffee


They love the coffee but are soon bouncing off the walls in your house!
You need to stop them before they destroy your house,
or draw too much attention to you.


A. Just wait for it to wear off
B. Give them a sandwich with sleeping pills in it


It doesn't show any signs of wearing off.
While playing with their laser guns, one of the children accidentally shoots you dead.


The children notice the sleeping pills, assume they're poison, and kill you right away.


The children love the tea, and take a bunch of yours home to show their parents.
A few hours later they return with their parents, who also loved the tea
which they dont have on their home planet. You say:


A. You can have all the tea you want if you promise not to hurt me!
B. I wonder if other aliens would like tea too? Perhaps we could set up a trade...


The aliens agree. However, this one family of aliens cant
speak for a whole planet full of them. You become good friends with the family and give
them lots of tea, but after a few days another family of aliens passes
through and randomly kills you while they are there.
Your alien family will have to find some other human to get their tea from.


Lucky for you these aliens are close friends with the alien king.
They talk to him and give him tea, and soon the alien king agrees to stop killing humans.
As long as Earth keeps giving them tea they wont kill anyone. You will always be remembered as a hero!